snoogans v 0.5


Features:
---------

	- updated to work with patch 1.13d


NOTE: Do NOT use the configure script, it is broken in its current form. To 
compile a binary for the latest version (1.13d) run make without configuring 
beforehand. Be advised that you should use snoogans v 0.4 for older versions.



snoogans v 0.4 by gonzoj


Features:
---------

	- compatible with latest patch 1.13c
	- reveals automap
	- draws preset units onto automap (including frozen Anya, Izual etc.)
	- places monsters and missiles onto automap (indicates immunities with 
	  intiutive colors)
	- draws names over champion and boss monsters
	- draws level names over exits (the correct Tal Rasha's tomb is colored 
	  green)
	- adds IP address of the game server to the automap information
	- puts the last game name into the create / join box
	- enables the player to view other players' gear
	- displays the iLvl of items, the number of sockets and if it's ethereal

	
Requirements:
-------------

snoogans in its current version depends on various modules of wine (e.g. 
kernel32.dll.so), to be able to initialize correctly. If you're not running 
Diablo under wine, you cannot use snoogans at the moment. I don't consider this 
a major issue, because most of you will use wine anyway. Just wanted to make 
that clear.

	
Installation:
-------------

snoogans can be build for two versions of Diablo, 1.12a and 1.13c (released
23.02.2010). To switch between the build process for the different versions 
(default: 1.13c), use the simple configure script that is contained in the 
release. If you'd like for instance to build snoogans for the 1.13c patch, 
run:

$ ./configure --version=1.13

After you configured the build process, just compile:

$ make

And finally install snoogans:

$ make install

Now you're good to go. Optionally, you can clean up after installation:

$ make clean

To uninstall snoogans, run:

$ make remove

NOTE: The default location for installation is /usr/local/lib. If you're 
dynamic loader can't find snoogans, consider to add this location to the 
loader's configuration or adjust the installpath in the Makefile.


Usage:
------

To use snoogans, you have to inject snoogans.so into the running process. I've 
released an injector called surgeon, check the release thread at blizzhackers.cc
for more information. However, you're not limited to use surgeon, you can use 
whatever injector you prefer (there are some public available, although most of 
them are merely a proof of conecpt implementation). You could even use gdb for 
this purpose.

IMPORTANT: Inject snoogans AFTER you've created / joined a game. Injecting it 
previously will result in a not correctly initialized module, I may fix this 
issue in an upcoming version.

When snoogans has been loaded successfully, it will reveal the whole act 
everytime you toggle the automap, if not done so already. To view other 
players' gear select a player by hovering the mouse over its model and press 
your inventory hotkey.
